Add arm-gnu-toolchain and horovod-uber files (#210)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/horovod-uber.md

---
name: Horovod (Uber)
category: Languages and Frameworks
description: Horovod is a distributed deep learning framework designed to accelerate and streamline model training across numerous GPUs or machines.
download_url: https://pypi.org/project/horovod/#history
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 0.20.0
    release_date: 2020/09/04

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://horovod.ai/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://horovod.ai/getting-started/
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: Pre-built binaries (wheels) are not available for Linux Arm64 systems. Installing with "pip3 install horovod" will first build the package from the source code. Installation and Testing is done using the released source code tar.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Pre-built binaries (wheels) are not available for any platform. Installing with "pip3 install horovod" will build the package from the source code. Installation and Testing are done using the released source code tar.
```
